Question 1. A perceptron is:
a. a single layer feed-forward neuralnetwork with pre-processing
b. an auto-associative neural network
c. a double layer auto-associative neural network
d. a neural network that contains feedback
a
Question 2. An auto-associative network is:
a. a neural network that contains no loops
b. a neural network that contains 
c. a neural network that has only one loop
d. a single layer feed-forward neural network with pre-processing
b
Question 3. Which is true for neural networks?
a) It has set of nodes and connections
b) Each node computes it’s weighted input
c) Node could be in excited state or non-excited state
d) All of the mentioned
d
Question 4. Neuro software is:
a) A software used to analyze neurons
b) It is powerful and easy neural network
c) Designed to aid experts in realworld
d) It is software used by Neuro surgeon
b
Question 5. Why is the XOR problem exceptionally interesting to neural network researchers?
a. Because it can be expressed in a way that allows you to use a neural network
b. Because it is complex binary operation that cannot be solved using neural networks
c. Because it can be solved by a single layer perceptron
d. Because it is the simplest linearly inseparable problem that exists.
d
Question 6. What is back propagation?
a. It is another name given to the curvy function in the perceptron
b. It is the transmission of error back through the network to adjust the inputs
c. It is the transmission of error back through the network to allow weights to be adjusted so that the network can learn.
d. None of the mentioned
c
Question 7. Why are linearly separable problems of interest of neural network researchers?
a. Because they are the only class of problem that network can solve successfully
b. Because they are the only class of problem that Perceptron can solve successfully
c. Because they are the only mathematical functions that are continue
d. Because they are the only mathematical functions you can draw
b
Question 8. Which of the following is not the promise of artificial neural network?
a. It can explain result
b. It can survive the failure of some nodes
c. It has inherent parallelism
d. It can handle noise
a
Question 9. Neural Networks are complex ______________ with many parameters:
a. Linear Functions
b. Nonlinear Functions
c. Discrete Functions
d. Exponential Functions
a
Question 10. The name for the function in question 16 is :
a. Step function
b. Heaviside function
c. Logistic function
d. Perceptron function
b