Question 1. What is Machine learning?
a. The autonomous acquisition of knowledge through the use of computer programs
b. The autonomous acquisition of knowledge through the use of manual programs
c. The selective acquisition of knowledge through the use of computer programs
d. The selective acquisition of knowledge through the use of manual programs
a
Question 2. What is true about Machine Learning?
a. Machine Learning (ML) is the field of computer science
b. ML is a type of artificial intelligence that extract patterns out of raw data by using an algorithm or method
c. The main focus of ML is to allow computer systems learn from experience without being explicitly programmed or human intervention
d. All of the above
d
Question 3. ML is a field of AI consisting of learning algorithms that?
a. Improve their performance
b. At executing some task
c. Over time with experience
d. All of the above
d
Question 4. Different learning methods do not include?
a. Memorization
b. Analogy
c. Introduction
d. Deduction
c
Question 5. Which of the following is a widely used and effective machine learning algorithm based on the idea of bagging?
a. Decision Tree
b. Random Forest
c. Regression
d. Classification
b
Question 6. High entropy means that the partitions in classification are
a. pure
b. not pure
c. useful
d. useless
b
Question 7. Which of the following are ML methods?
a. Based on human supervision
b. Supervised Learning
c. Semi-reinforcement Learning
d. All of the above
a
Question 8. In language understanding, the levels of knowledge do not include?
a. Phonological
b. Syntactic
c. Empirical
d. Logical
c
Question 9. A machine learning problem involves four attributes plus a class. The attributes have 3, 2, 2, and 2 possible values each. The class has 3 possible values. How many maximum possible different examples are there?
a. 12
b. 24
c. 48
d. 72
d
Question 10. When performing regression or classification, which of the following is the correct way to preprocess the data?
a. Normalize the data -> PCA -> training
b. PCA -> normalize PCA output -> training
c. Normalize the data -> PCA -> normalize PCA output -> training
d. None of the above
a